How can we contrive to be at once astonished at the world and yet at home in it? Orthodoxy/GKC
He causes us to remember his wonderful works. How gracious and merciful is our LORD!
The wise are mightier than the strong,* and those with knowledge grow stronger and stronger.
When I have a terrible need of shall I say the word religion, then I go out and paint the stars.
Always be humble and gentle. Be patient with each other, making allowance for each other's faults because of your love.
The reason why we pray is simply that we cannot help praying. WILLIAM JAMES
we should establish ourselves in a sense of GOD'S Presence, by continually conversing with Him.
For the Lord giveth wisdom:out of his mouth cometh knowledge and understanding.Proverbs 2:6
See then that ye walk circumspectly, not as fools, but as wise, Redeeming the time, because the days are evil.Ephesians 5:15-16
If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraideth not; and it shall be given him.James 1:5
But the wisdom that is from above is first pure, then peaceable, gentle, and easy to be intreated, full of mercy and good fruits, without partiality, and without hypocrisy.James 3:17
How much better is it to get wisdom than gold!and to get understanding rather to be chosen than silver!Proverbs 16:16
Say not thou, What is the cause that the former days were better than these? for thou dost not enquire wisely concerning this.Ecclesiastes 7:10
Walk in wisdom toward them that are without, redeeming the time. Let your speech be always with grace, seasoned with salt, that ye may know how ye ought to answer every man.Colossians 4:5-6
Only by pride cometh contention:but with the well advised is wisdom.Proverbs 13:10
Logic is the beginning of wisdom  not the end  Spock
Highly illogical   Spock
You can use logic to justify almost anything  That is its power  And its flaw   Captain Cathryn Janeway
I fail to comprehend your indignation  sir  I have simply made the logical deduction that you are a liar Spock
You may find that having is not so pleasing a thing as wanting  This is not logical  but it is often true   Spock
I canna change the laws of physics   Montgomery Scotty Scott
Live long  and prosper   Spock
Things are only impossible until theyre not   Captain Kirk
Insufficient facts always invite danger   Spock
"Fear is the path to the dark side. Fear leads to anger. Anger leads to hate. Hate leads to suffering."
"Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny. Consume you, it will." - Yoda
"Always pass on what you have learned."
"Patience you must have my young Padawan."
"In a dark place we find ourselves, and a little more knowledge lights our way."
"Judge me by my size, do you? Hmm? Hmm. And well you should not. For my ally is the Force, and a powerful ally it is."
"Luminous beings are we, not this crude matter."
